After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:

https://lit-woodland-68920.herokuapp.com/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/rasputtim/cs313-shoppingcart.git

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

All requirements are working:
    1. Browse items - ok - see the list of items, can add to cart, link to view cart.
    2. View Cart - ok - user sees all items, can remove individual items.
    3. Checkout - ok - ask different componests of user address, option to purchase, option to continue shopping, option to review cart.
    4. Confirmation page - ok - display all items pourchased and the user information. check for malicius injections.
Above and beyond:
   5. added a page with item details where the user cann see products detais and add them to the cart.
   6. added input to control the amount of itens purchased.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
   6. is not working properly. I had no time to end the programming to control item couting.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

   how to use php to control different aspects of the session. the session data can be used in different pages.

6. List one strength and one limitation of using cookies.

strength: do not require any server resources and are stored on the user's computer so no extra burden on server.
limitation: User has the option of disabling cookies on his computer from browser’s setting, so the code has to anticipate that possibility.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment: 5
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

All the requirements are working and I added a page of product detais, so the user can see more about the product he is byuing, and add it to the cart.
